Israel says 14 of its soldiers have been
killed in Gaza this weekend marking some
of the heaviest troop losses for Israel
since its ground operation began there
has been more heavy fighting Israeli
strikes hitting Central and Southern
Gaza on Sunday Israel says it has
achieved almost complete operational
control over Northern Gaza it's also
said it's planning to expand its ground
offensive against Hamas considered a
terrorist group by the EU and the US
Israel says that means shifting campaign
to gaza's South where most displaced
Palestinians have
fled this as the Hamas run Gaza Health
Ministry says more than 160 people have
been killed by Israeli forces in the
past
day they are doing what they can to pull
anyone alive from under the
debris every day people across the Gaza
strep wake up to new scenes of
Devastation often all they find is dead
buddies but sometimes they're
lucky they rescued me from under the
rubble to take me to Abu Al naer
hospital they treated me there may God
protect
them it's destruction the children were
screaming the children's mental health
is affected the injured were on the
street me and four others were retrieved
from under the
rubble in the southern city of ru
an Israeli air strike destroyed a house
and damaged several others in a refugee
camp in nearby canun the attacks also
flattened several
buildings this area is designated safe
there are thousands of displaced and a
few meters away from us there's an
office for unra where there are more
than 40,000 displaced to the east of us
is the agency's clinic and schools with
each School housing no less than six or
7,000 displaced this area in general is
designated safe this is the Safety and
Security that Israel
claims es calls for a ceasefire grow
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says the fighting will
continue the war exacts a very high
price from us but we have no choice but
to continue fighting so far our forces
have eliminated many thousands of
terrorists we're continuing with all the
force until the end until victory until
we reach all our
goals his comments coming as Israel lost
14 soldiers in Gaza in two days that
brings the total number of losses among
Israeli troops to
152 as the fighting continues Hamas run
Health officials say more than 20,000
people have been killed
there let's get a across to Jerusalem
where journalist Samy SLE has more for
us Sammy thank you for taking the time
let's take a look first at Israel's
claims to have taken almost complete
operational control of Northern Gaza and
that is now looking to focus efforts on
the south what can we expect from this
what does this tell
us well we've seen that this control
means that Israel has succeeded in
Breaking the Chain of Command within
Hamas in the city of Gaza and in the
surrounding area but what Israel is
facing is a kind of a urban Guerilla
Warfare launched by small cells
sometimes individuals who have been left
behind and they're continuing to fight
the Israeli forces so this means that
there's no end to this war in site H
Israel is now going to focus more on the
area
ofun this is where the major battles are
taking place the major ground
operations after kanun there's still the
camps in the balah area uh but it is a
difficult if as many analysts here are
saying to see how this war will actually
end and we've heard that at least 14
Israeli soldiers have been killed in
Gaza just this weekend that's bringing
the death toll to more than 150 since
the start of Israel's ground offensive
this is obviously a very sensitive issue
within Israel do you think that the
rising death toll will affect support
internally for netanyahu's military
campaign well I think one has to
differentiate between the support to
netan and the support to the campaign
Nan is is not popular he was not popular
before the 7th of October and his
popularity has dropped down a lot uh but
by and large the isra public does
believe that the campaign should
continue that crushing the Hamas should
not stop and it also doesn't look the
way the other International communities
viewing the desperate situation of the
gazan
population the hunger all of these
things the Israeli public is is looking
at it in a very different way in fact
what we see the public is a is a shift
to the right and what we are expecting
to see is the rise of more Hardline
positions in this
period thank you so much for that update
that's a journalist Sami Sak in
Jerusalem we very much appreciate your
time now Israel's bombardment of Gaza
has forced the cancellation of Christmas
festivities in nearby Bethlehem the
biblical birthplace of Jesus the city in
the Israeli occupied West Bank would
usually be full of tourists and pilgrims
but the Crowds Are absent this year as
is the traditional large Christmas tree
many of bethlehem's residents are in
mourning over the devastation in Gaza
which is just 50 km
away we have our correspondent Yan
Philip Schultz reporting from Bethlehem
and he's described for us how different
the atmosphere there is this
year very different no big celebration
this year it's an incredibly sad
atmosphere here in Bethlehem as you can
see behind me no big Christmas tree no
Street vendors selling candy to the
children no music uh the officials here
said it's impossible to celebrate
Christmas this year under those
circumstances all big churches that are
present here said uh there is no Moment
In Joy when so of Joy when so many
people are suffering some say maybe it's
also a moment to reflect on uh what
Christmas is also about the hope of a
more peaceful
world